Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2017 Australian post-apocalyptic horror
drama film called 'Cargo'.
There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed
with caution.
Andy Rose, his wife Kay, and their baby Rosie
are floating down a river on a houseboat in
rural Australia in a world recently overrun
by a virus that turns people rabid in 48 hours.
Kay recommends coming ashore and foraging
for food in the closest town due to a lack
of government supplies, but Andy disagrees,
claiming that it would be better to stay on
the river until they reach their objective,
a fabled haven.
Andy explores an abandoned sailboat alone
the next day and recovers some supplies, but
he hurriedly departs when it becomes clear
that there is someone else on board.
Andy shows Kay his collection but fails to
warn her about the risk, and she gets bitten
by a rabid human when she goes out to gather
more.
When Andy discovers Kay bandaging the bite
wound, he urges that she be sent to the hospital
since she will bleed out long before succumbing
to the infection.
The Rose family disembarks, jumpstarts an
abandoned automobile, and drives toward a
major town, but they swerve to miss an Aboriginal
man standing in the road and crash.
Andy faints after Kay is impaled; when he
wakes up, Kay has already transformed and
is biting him.
Andy takes Rosie out of the car and begins
to fight the man, who has also transformed,
but a girl called Thoomi enters and explains
that the man is Willie Bell, Andy's father.
Because the Aboriginals have been murdering
and burning the sick, Thoomi has been concealing
Willie from her mother, Josie, and the rest
of her society.
She believes her father can be saved by having
a shaman restore his soul.
Andy arrives in town, but it is more smaller
and desolate than he had anticipated, save
for Etta, a schoolteacher who will look after
him and Rosie for the night.
Etta says that all of her pupils and their
families, the majority of whom are Aboriginals,
have abandoned contemporary trappings in favour
of the traditional traditions, and advises
Andy to conceal his bite mark.
After his first seizure from the illness,
Andy wakes up later than expected the next
morning.
When Andy and Rosie leave, Etta shows them
a photograph of Thoomi and her parents and
instructs Andy to locate them and leave Rosie
with them.
Vic brings Andy to his refuge and meets Lorraine,
whom Andy believes is Vic's wife, after Andy
frees a man called Vic who is stuck beneath
some gas cylinders.
Vic puts healthy individuals in cages as bait,
one of whom is Thoomi, to entice the infected
out so he may shoot them, Andy discovers.
Andy tries suicide that night, assuming Vic
and Lorraine will look after Rosie, but Lorraine
intervenes and confesses that she is not Vic's
wife, but his hostage, and Vic murdered her
actual husband.
Vic finds them and knocks Andy unconscious,
putting him in the same cell as Thoomi.
They assist each other escape by pulling open
their cage with the combined might of numerous
infected; they return to the refuge and meet
Lorraine and Rosie.
Vic fires at them as they flee, killing Lorraine
accidentally.
Andy irritates Thoomi the next morning when
he informs her that he and her father would
not get along.
She dashes to the location where she had been
hiding her father, only to learn that her
people had already located and imprisoned
Willie.
Thoomi is distraught at first, blaming Andy
for the delay, but when she hears Rosie weeping,
she relents and rejoins him.
They proceed by motorboat to a campground
where Andy had previously seen another family,
only to discover that the father has been
bitten and intends to kill his family and
himself with a pistol.
Andy is instructed by his father to use the
gun's final two rounds on himself and Rosie.
When the family is dead, Andy picks up the
gun and considers committing himself, but
Thoomi intervenes.
They then become aware of smoke in the area
and proceed to investigate.
Vic resurfaces as the trio passes through
a railway tunnel.
While Andy and Vic fight, Thoomi hides with
Rosie inside a parked truck on the tracks.
Vic gets to take the handgun and shoot Andy
during the scuffle, then goes for Thoomi and
Rosie.
When Andy awakens, he discovers Vic cuddling
Rosie and sobbing over Lorraine's death.
Vic gives Rosie to Andy in a calm manner,
allowing them and Thoomi to go.
Andy later succumbs to the infection's last
stages.
Andy urges Thoomi to watch after Rosie as
his time runs out.
He and Thoomi bind his hands and prepare a
piece of flesh on a pole for Thoomi to use
as bait after he has transformed.
Thoomi uses Andy to safely carry her and Rosie
on his back in this manner.
They finally track down an Aboriginal warrior
group, which includes Thoomi's mother, who
recognises Thoomi's whistle.
Thoomi enables a warrior to put Andy out of
his suffering now that she is reunited with
her people and Rosie is safe.
The group subsequently returns to a remote
forest camp, where Thoomi and Josie examine
Rosie for injuries and discover Andy has painted
'Thank You' on her tummy.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.